vmctl: increase retry backoff policy delay (#4447)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html): Adds `enable_http2` on scrape configuration level. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4283). Thanks to @Haleygo for [the pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/4295).
* FEATURE: [vmctl](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmctl.html): add verbose output for docker installations or when TTY isn't available. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4081).
* FEATURE: [vmctl](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmctl.html): interrupt backoff retries when import process is cancelled. The change makes vmctl more responsive in case of errors during the import. See [this pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/4442).

> * FEATURE: [vmctl](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmctl.html): increase retry backoff policy delay. This change will increase significant amount of time before retry if heavy request resulted into remote storage becoming overloaded. See [this pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/4442).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmctl](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmctl.html): update backoff policy on retries to reduce probability of overloading for `source` or `destination` databases. See [this pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/4442).
```
